---
layout: post
title: The Kiss
excerpt: "Short Story"
author:
date: 14.02.2020
---

Cloudy was the springtime sky of this Wednesday afternoon in 1988, the air was cold and damp, and it was a school day like any other until the moment the twelve boys ran after the teenager on the bike. They ran although only two of them really knew why. Ten boys followed and watched the teenager hitting his chin bloody on the road; they stared as John and Ralph, two known baseball players, kicked the boy in the stomach and face for no intelligible reason. Then Billy knew he had to do something; had to act, and Billy’s face ended up bleeding, too.

His name was Jack, he said after the other boys had run away. Billy helped him on his feet, and, although Jack’s scratched face was a mess, Billy recognized that Jack was handsome and a year or two older. Jack had golden hair and dark blue eyes; now his complexion was white because of the shock and hurt done to him. But he smiled, picked up his bike, and they walked without being conscious where they were going. “Is it bad,” Billy asked and Jack kept quiet and then said, “I’ll walk home. It’s near. What’ll you do?” Something about Jack fascinated Billy, attracted him. “I’ll keep you company, if that’s ok with you.” Jack smiled and nodded, and, without a word, they walked. Later, Billy said goodbye and walked home.

The next day Mr Eaton, the headmaster, called and questioned the boys about the instance the day before. Jack and his parents were present. Billy was exempt from any punishment since Jack confirmed that he had interfered. But John and Ralph had to do community work as a punishment for the rest of the year. And Billy was an easy target for their loathing. Sometimes they came up to him and called him a ‘faggot’ and other names or they threw things at him. Stoic ignorance was Billy’s only defence and it worked. The two boys eventually got bored.

On a Saturday, he had not seen Jack for months, Billy went with a class mate to an AC/DC concert. Although Billy enjoyed the music, he disliked being in the front row with so many people. He slowly moved to the back and looked for a place to sit when he suddenly saw Jack among the crowd. He walked to him and shouted, “Hi.” Jack smiled and gave Billy his hand to shake. Billy took Jack’s warm hand and smiled. They spent the rest of the concert together.

After the concert had ended, Jack asked Billy if he wanted a drink. Billy told him he was only sixteen, but nevertheless Jack seized Billy’s hand, who was a little surprised and embarrassed. He followed Jack to the next beverage booth where Jack bought two beers and gave one to Billy. Then they walked towards the exit. People passed on the left and right, when Billy suddenly thought of his class mate. He told Jack and so they waited outside the exit for him to appear but he must have had left earlier. Jack told Billy not to worry and suggested spending some time at a nearby park. As it was a warm evening, Billy agreed, although he had told his parents he would be back straight after the concert. But momentarily he only cared about Jack, so they walked into the park and crossed a massive lawn towards a bench, where they sat down under the shadow of the trees. The bright full moon was shining. Billy broke the silence.

“I like you.”

“I like you, too.” 

Before Billy knew what was happening, Jack hugged him. While he embraced him he put his right arm on his right leg. Jack’s face was in the dark but Billy was sure he was smiling. Then they kissed.

“What the hell are you doing?” A tall, strong, and angry man and his dog stood in front of them. Jack pulled Billy’s arm to signal he wanted to leave. 

“Let’s go,” he said quietly and they moved away.

“Where do you think you are going,” the man shouted. “Filthy queers!”

Billy and Jack raced back to the park entrance and then to the underground train station. Billy laughed and his system was flooded with happiness, arousal, guilt, and embarrassment. A confusing mixture. They took the next train and got out after five stops. Before they departed, Jack wrote something on a piece of paper and dropped it into Billy’s hand. Then he left without a word. It was a telephone number.

After Sunday lunch Billy called the number. He was very excited. 

“Hi, it’s Jack. What can I do for you?”, Jack asked full of self confidence.

“It’s me,” Billy replied softly.

“How are things going?”

“Fine, can I see you?”

“Sure. Why not come to my place. My parents are visiting friends.”

When Billy pressed the doorbell, the shadow of the enormous house loomed over him like a beast. A loud bell could be heard inside and less than a minute later Jack opened the door with a smile. “Come in,” he said.

Billy entered the main hall with anticipation but he was also nervous. Jack’s parents were rich. Marble stone floor, antique furniture, and a large, golden chandelier with dozens of lights decorated the hall. Jack took Billy’s hand and led him up the stairs and along a corridor, then into what must have been his bed room. Posters of baseball players and hard rock musicians on the white walls dominated the eye. There were an untidy desk under the window, a large cupboard, and Jack’s bed. Sitting on the blue carpet floor, a girl in a short black skirt and pink blouse watched cartoons on TV. She was pretty and ignored Billy until Jack said, “This is Lisa. Lisa, this is Billy. I told you about him.” She looked up at Billy and smiled.

“Yes, Jack has told me about you.” 

Then Lisa giggled behind her hand. Billy was unsure what to make of the situation and grew uncomfortable. Despair replaced the nervousness, as if he knew what was about to happen. “Billy, Lisa is my girl-friend. So don’t ask for a cuddle!” He and Lisa burst out in laughter. They were still laughing when Billy reached the stairs and the front door. Outside the tall oak trees embraced him from all sides and it was quiet. Then Billy stepped into the warmth of the bright sun and cried.